So I know a lot of folks again going to
the service company want to turn on an
AI SDR and have it magically create
revenue. Another way is understand
calmly which [music] parts of your
funnel, which parts of your go to market
process is not even happening. Is it
even remotely optimized? Where are the
leads where it's just not like your team
says they want to do them, but they
don't want to do the small leads. They
want to do the the lowcored leads, you
know, and that's what that 15% is. And
everyone like you're going to say they
don't do it. Every salesperson is
managing their time. They're going to
they're going to force rank their leads
in their head. They're going to put all
their effort into that one big deal
that's going to close this quarter, a
little bit effort into the small ones,
and nothing to the bottom. So, if you
can put AI into that scenario, or the
ones that wasn't worth their time, 70%
open rate, even if you grow 15 [music]
or 20% faster in 2026 because of AI,
it's a gift from heaven, right?
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, [music] another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? Happy
Fox just made it real with autopilot.
[music]
These pre-built AI agents deploy in
about 60 seconds and run for as low as 2
cents per [music] successful action. All
of it sits inside the Happy Fox omni
channel AI first support stack. [music]
Chatbot, Copilot, and Autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/saster. [music]
>> Hey everybody, Saster Annual will be
back May 2026, [music]
the world's largest SAS and AI gathering
for executives. Just this last May, we
hosted 10,000 attendees [music] with 68
VP level and above attendees, 36% CEOs
and founders, [music] and 25% were AI
first professionals. It's the very best
of STER attendees and decision makers
that [music] come to SAT annual and AI
summit each and every year. But here's
the reality, folks. The longer you wait,
the higher ticket prices get. They're
cheap [music] now. They're cheap. So
just get them early. Lock in your spot
today. Use my code Jason 100 for
exclusive [music] savings. Get your
tickets at podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annual and
summit 2026. It will rock.
All right, good morning everybody.
Thanks for coming back to Saster AI
London 2025. We really appreciate it.
So, we have a full day, so we're just
going to keep going. I know some folks
are going to stream in, so folks are
going to have coffee.
This first session we will go deep on
our agents our 20 agent in particular
the core ones we use for outbound
inbound leftbound rightbound and sales
and is going to drive this we will do
this for about 45 minutes with one thing
I want to give folks context on we have
if you guys have followed us maybe
you've even seen a version of this
content we're updating it all with all
the latest data all the emails we've
sent all the performance everything that
our AI SDRs and agents do. So you'll get
all the latest data that Amelia has
aggregated. The one thing I want to
bring up because we've heard it online
and then I've heard it at this event
already is a lot of folks are like,
"Well, that's great. This stuff works
for SAS. It doesn't, but it won't work
for me. I'm not as big. I don't have
your scale. I don't have your data. I
don't have your history." Amelia will
dig in here. It's not true. All of this
will work for you to some to some
degree. Why? All of you have data. All
of you have leads. All of you have a
database. Very few people here at this
event have zero in revenue. Very few
people here have zero customers and zero
prospects. Those guys go to websummit.
Okay, this is Saster AI. You guys have
customers and revenue. So agents will
work for you whether you have to train
them or tune them differently. A millia
dig maybe. So maybe you don't have 10
years of data, but you don't need as
much data as you think and you don't
need as much trailing data as you think
for agents to work.
Here's the simple aha moment. And and I
know a lot of you know this so it sounds
captain obvious then I will let Amelia
drive this to simplify a lot of
complexity. The mistake that everyone
made in AI SDRs and AI sales agents in
2024 into this year and even through
today and even conversations we have
today but especially is they would buy a
product do nothing and expected to get
you millions of revenue. It don't work
that way. Ameilia will dive into it. It
didn't work that way before Cloud 4 when
none of these products work. It didn't
work that way after Q1 this year when
they started to get good and it don't
work that way today. The way an AI agent
works for sales for GTM is you figure
out something that works with your team
with humans. You figure out an email, an
outreach, a script, a set of objections
that you overcome, a set of questions.
You you nail it yourself just like it
has always been a disaster since the
beginning. humans figure it out and then
you take what worked and you give it to
the agent and you train it for a month
and then every day after and you take
what worked and you do it at scale.
That's all these products do. Like
listen, there's a lot of AI, there's a
lot of LM, a lot of sophistication,
you're going to learn about it all day.
But at the end of the day, if you want
to simplify cuz all these products are
good, take what humans have nailed,
document it, and then train an agent
with what works. If you're expecting an
agent to sell when you can't sell,
that's never worked. You got to go back
to the old days of founder sales, but
instead of giving it to that first human
you hired, you give it to the first
agent you hired, but basically the same
thing. So with that, Ailia, we'll we'll
dive into our data.
>> Okay. Well, let's do it. Well, I wanted
to focus today just for some of you that
have been to like our podcast for swap
Wednesday. I aggregated a lot of our
data. I put in some new data and I'm
going to focus a lot on hyper
customizing at scale. If you haven't
seen this yet, these are our 20 plus
agents. we've deployed. You can go to
saster.ai/agents.
A lot of these agents I'm going to talk
about today because this whole guide is
up. I'm not going to mention too many of
the vendors cuz I aggregated a lot of
the data. I'll talk about some of them,
but they're all in depth here. So,
saster.ai/agents.
A lot of them are third party. Some are
ones that we vibe coded. Some of these
agents have sub agents, which I'll talk
about in a little bit. But these are our
20 plus agents that we have currently
right now at Saster. We do also have
more agents than humans. So I literally
just saw someone we know yesterday and
was like, "Oh, Sask in London looks so
great. This is my first time here. How
many SAS employees did this?" I was
like, "Well, there's two on this stage
there. One more full-time employee.
We've got a few contractors trusted that
we brought here to London. And then we
have all of our agents. So we have more
agents than humans. But on today's topic
of hype for customizing GTM at scale. So
this is just in the last 6ish months. So
after SAS in May so basically post
annual for us we really started going
deep on this AI journey deploying our
agents and we wanted to see what would
work in different use cases is as we did
that we deployed more agents and more
use cases more sub agents and that's how
we ended up with this hyper customized
AI emails and messages at scale in the
last 6 months so our just to give you
context our personalized outbound 6
months ago when we still had people
before all the agents.
The average SDR we had here as a human
would send you know on the low end maybe
75 emails a month per rep and at the
high end maybe somewhere like two 280s
300s right per rep per month. So if you
look at this total over the last six
months almost, you know, 60,000. So
let's say 10k a month, that's 32x
the max output that those human SDRs
were doing in a very short amount of
time. I'll talk about the ramp time of
these agents, which was a little bit
different than humans. But if you think
about this, that means we were also only
doing about 3% hyperpersonalized emails
at scale before this. Because the other
thing I'll show you right now is the
consistency between our customization of
our agents versus on humans, very hit or
miss, right? You have one SDR that's
maybe really good. They send really good
high-quality emails. You get another
SDR, they're just not getting it. And
the email's terrible. Like you wouldn't
buy from them. You're embarrassed that
they sent this email and you wish you
could unend it. So this is how you can
get hyper customized at scale. And a
majority of these target accounts are
receiving, you know, highly customized
messages and reply on the first send. So
that's something I think that is also a
big learning is if you do this right and
train the agents the right way, not only
is it different from a human AI like a
human SDR, but I think on most human
sequences it takes a few messages
whereas on ours because it's so custom
usually on the first email or first
message we get a reply. So a lot of
change to encapsulate here.
>> This is really good.
Do they first of all these the timing
here is really interesting. Maybe we're
going to get to it. But this if I see
this so these are three
>> these are our three main
>> artisan qualified agent force.
>> Correct.
>> And if I'm looking at and that's the the
sequent that's the we artisan first then
qualified then agent force. Right.
>> Correct. So in the sequence of time we
did artisan first and qualified than
Asian force but actually qualified's
done more because it's on the website so
it's cheating a little and then artisans
in the middle and then agent forces our
newest at the bottom.
>> Got it.
>> Okay. I thought it's a good chart. I
thought some of the things you're saying
is by the time you get to your third
agent you can also roll it out more
quickly. Maybe I wasn't reading that
into the chart but
>> you can. Yeah.
>> The other other thing and then and keep
going. The other thing and Millie will
show you examples of the emails and
communications our agents are selling.
Another sort of criticism that I hear
from folks criticism in air quotes is oh
those emails are only pretty good. Like
you talk about hyper customization but
this isn't going back to the 1980s when
you bought this and you did this. Like
they're good but they're not the bar.
This is important when folks say oh I
can't do this. The bar is as good or
better than like your average human SDR.
Yep. So you will see these emails are
customized depending on we do them. We
we have more data to pull from. If you
were s three years ago, we know about
you. They get better, but but your jaw
is not going to fall on the floor when
you see these emails. You're going to
see they're pretty good. They get as
good or a higher or equivalent response
rate to humans. Correct.
>> But they're not the most that the
customization on a scale of 1, I'd say,
varies from a three to a six.
>> Yeah. And I'll actually show you all
>> it's not in a 12. This isn't an email
that someone spent equivalent to
spending a month of deep clawed research
crafting.
>> They're just like here's it. They're
just pretty good.
>> But the average human and then and a lot
of folks on the internet are like well I
could do better than this if I hired 30
top tier SDRs. Maybe we're going to find
30 top tier Oxford graduated SDRs that
want to carefully craft an email each
day. And if they're that good, they want
to be promoted at AE in like 3 months.
So, they're going to cycle out a lead.
So, the real bar is better than the
average human with 247 consistency. And
that's what squint and that's what
you're going to see in these emails.
Like pretty good with not a lot of
errors. That's that's good enough to to
crush it.
>> Yeah. The 24/7 thing I'll get to and
it's part of why it works. So at scale
you'll see in those in that chart I just
showed. So I'll break it out a little
bit. Artisan overall and we're live
streaming by the way guys. So if you
want the slides and all the data you can
also go on our live stream but you can
also keep taking photos. Then for
artisan that one has it actually went
up. It's about a 6% overall response
right now. You know average for normal
STR is 2 to four. Qualified has inbound.
So that's about the same at 6%. And then
Asian Force, we've said this has a
higher open rate. I'll tell you why.
It's our newest agent. It's also people
we ghosted. So it kind of makes sense
that they were like, "You finally
followed up with me." I'm like, "Sorry,
my human wouldn't, but my AI agent
would." So
also more importantly, I feel like I see
people getting this wrong, is not
empowering their agents to sell.
Especially if you have something that is
a low ASP,
something like a ticket to SAS for
London is a great example. between our
two agents that I empowered to sell,
they sold 15% of the ticket revenue for
this event, which is kind of crazy cuz
in the past when we've had human SDRs
try and sell tickets, I think they sold
like literally I could count on one
hand.
So at that volume and at that scale, I
see people getting this wrong a lot,
which I'll get into. But why does this
work, right? It's because all of these
different platforms have different
things that they're using to
contextualize to add value back to the
prospect. So instead of making it too
much about SAS, we really try and tune
up our agents and train them so that all
the value is about their company, what
they're doing, and why they should be at
something like a SAS. I think that's
also important as you're training your
agents or thinking about rolling this
out is that it should be about adding
value, right? I don't I feel like
somehow that got lost in all the
outbound madness, but that should have
always been the case and it's definitely
the case with AI.
AI will also know your product a lot
better than most entry level a like SVRs
and so whatever you tell it about the
product it will contextualize for them
and add value. So AI does this in a way
you know obviously 60,000 messages we
couldn't do ourselves beforehand. So
it's really crazy to see which we'll
dive into. And maybe one thing to add on
that data. I I I wrote a sastaster post
on this recently, but
the agent force 70% open rate, which on
its surface is jaw-droppingly high,
right? Let me dig into that for just one
second. And the 15% of revenue from
London, this is a theme I call having
agents do the work humans don't want to
do or unwilling to do. Okay. So, the 15%
of ticket revenue folks coming here, we
for
6 years on and off, we tried to get our
human SDRs to help us reach out to
return attendees to get them to come to
SAS London. They just wouldn't do it. It
wasn't worth their time. They wanted to
hunt a six-f figureure sponsorship. So,
we'd ask them, we'd give them
incentives. We'd give them Starbucks
cards. We'd beg them. They wouldn't do
it. And they said they'd do it. And then
finally, we would use tools like
momentum and attentive. And we see they
didn't actually do it. and they lied.
Okay, so that 15% here's the point. It's
a lift. A lift. Without the Asian we
wouldn't have gotten. Yes.
>> So I know a lot of folks again going to
the service that want to turn on an AI
SDR and have it magically create
revenue. Another way is understand
calmly which parts of your funnel, which
parts of your go to market process is
not even happening. Is it even remotely
optimized? Were the leads where it's
just not like your team says they want
to do them, but they don't want to do
the small leads. They want to do the the
lowcored leads, you know, and that's
what that 15% is. The agent force one,
if if you didn't read this or catch it,
that why this is a amazing and a tragedy
at the same time. These are folks who
reached out to us and said they wanted
to sponsor SAS for five or six figure
tickets and we did not respond to them
as our human team. Not because we didn't
like round robin it. Not because crying.
It's just cuz our STRs just said
>> it wasn't worth their time.
>> They they mentally and everyone like
you're going to say they don't do it.
Every salesperson is managing their
time. They're going to they're going to
they're going to they're going to force
rank their leads in their head. They're
going to put all their effort into that
one big deal that's going to close this
quarter. A little bit of effort into the
small ones and nothing to the bottom. I
mean, literally, while we're here in
London about 5 days ago, I wrote this on
Twitter yesterday. I reached out to a
vendor for a $10,000 product and I said,
"I want to buy it while we're here. I
don't have a lot of time. We're here at
Saster London. I have two questions." I
didn't hear back till yesterday
afternoon. I was handed to another rep
because it wasn't worth the first rep's
time for $10,000. And that rep said,
"Let's get on the phone and talk about
your questions." 5day response. Get on.
I mean, you lost the deal, right? So, if
you can put AI into that scenario or the
ones that wasn't worth their time, 70%
open rate, even if you grow 15 or 20%
faster in 2026 because of AI, it's a
gift from heaven, right? And that's what
a lot of this is. Figure out, you know,
it's not it's it's not all magic, but it
is magical if you can get a lift out of
the folks that just aren't being touched
in your funnel. And and I'll keep going.
I don't want to take all your time, but
don't assume if you're not deep on your
funnel. Don't assume every lead is being
touched optimally. Don't assume every
lead I have an old sister post that
every lead should be treated like a
queen or king. Every lead is precious. I
reached out that $10,000 is a lot of
money to me. Okay, maybe it's not a lot
of money to be that would be a Neil and
I basically spend it out of her own
pocket. That's not nothing. Okay, even
in London like 10,000 you can get buy
something nice for 10. That's like a lot
of what's the steak place?
>> Flat irons. We got a lot of flat irons
for $10,000. Okay. It wasn't even worth
their time to get back to us. It's
always worth the AI's time to get back
to them. It's always worth and your
leads deserve it. So, keep going. But
that's why there's some of this magical
raid is because humans wouldn't do the
work.
>> Yeah. But your AI isn't picky. So, just
on that
on that point, why is this so great?
Right. Like why were human STRs when we
had them only 3% doing of what we did
now? Part of that is what you're talking
about, right? There's downtime, there's
holidays, okay? You know, you have
planned time off. Sure. But then somehow
when it comes to STRs, there's always a
lot of unplanned downtime
for all the humans. And so I think
that's something where since the AI
works 24/7, I was actually just talking
to Phipe who's presenting later.
We were saying once you get a few
agents, actually your problem becomes
not having agents. Your problem is
keeping up with your agents. So we'll
talk about that a little bit later when
you guys come back for his noon session.
But because it works 24/7, this is now
our biggest issue is actually keeping up
with our agents. Like I get constant
slacks, notifications, your AI is doing
this, your AI is doing that. And we try
and watch it all, right? Like we want to
make sure our AI is saying the right
things, treating people properly. So
many people yesterday were coming into
disaster saying like, "Oh, hey Amelia,
thanks for your help." I was like, "Did
I help you? Oh, Ameilia AI helped me or
Jason AI helped me." I'm like,
"Fantastic. This is real Amelia. And I'm
glad my AI agent could be there. When I
was either sleeping or walking my dog,
so it's it is it's you'll enter a new
world quickly where you have to learn to
actually keep up with your agents once
you get the hang of them.
But it is also part of why it works so
well. I put an example here. Think of
which one's this from. It doesn't even
matter. But you'll see here, this is an
example of like a highly customized
email. Again, it's tying back value to
the person versus it being too much
about disaster. I think in this case,
it's using some website authorization of
what they were looking at and tied it
back to them and what they were posting
about. And then this one had a meetings
link as well. So, there's a few things I
want to get into. I want to get into
this one because a few folks have asked
us on our previous webinars to create
like a a mind map, which I didn't have
previously, so I made one for this. A
lot of people ask me like how did you
think about like the roll out right of
AI SDRs? I'm like well we had SAS annual
we had a few human SDRs and after SAS
reanual they quit and so instead of
replacing them with another human I
replaced them with AI. So this is how I
started to do that. I split up basically
the lowest hanging fruit right. So I
took into our cuz it had just been SAS
or annual. So you can take something
equivalent for your company. Maybe
you've just done a new product release.
The new year is coming up. You can do
something that adds value and say okay
I've got all these contacts. So let's
say I want to follow up with them in my
agent. I'm going to train my agent on
these specific contacts. So it should be
a subset. You should never just unleash
an AI agent on your entire entire
database. Like do not do that. It will
not be customized. It's not going to
work like this. Like you do need to
train either sub agents depending on
what platform you use or do like sub
campaigns, however they call it. But
basically, you want to make sure that
each like thing you're deploying in your
AISDR is specifically trained and tuned
for that persona that you're going to go
after. So, you're going to make little
sub personas, right, of your target
buyers. Is it a CRO? Has the CRO done
something with us? Is it a CMO? Is it
have they been to our website? have they
churned or do I feel like their usage is
down and they're about to churn? Like
you can also use this for CS use cases
and marketing. Like all of this starts
to converge. But basically all of these
things are things you can put into
different sub aents, train it, make it
personalized to those leads. I usually
keep it in batches of like 800 to a,000.
I don't try and do more than that. I try
and get that hyper customized on who I'm
targeting with each of our sub aents.
And then I'll pick which in our case we
have more than one outbound AISR. And so
I'll pick which agent I think is the
best one for that. I'll pop it into that
agent, train it, fire it up, and then
give it the sequence that I want of,
okay, I want you to maybe I want this
one to book a meeting. I want this one
to sell a ticket. I want this one to
follow up with a lead we never followed
up with. I want this one to book a
meeting. And so I'll also give a
different goals for each of those
personas. So that's how I kind of start
to map it out. Important to know though,
I did not start with all of these,
right? I actually have more than this,
but it's important to stair step it,
right? So, start with one. Like a really
good one is people you might have
ghosted or didn't know that you could
ghost it. Another one is if you're
getting really good inbound, but you're
not able to completely follow up or
maybe you can't follow up after the
first meeting. That's a good use case.
Like, don't start with something mission
critical. Like, you're going to be
disappointed if you can't get it to work
really quickly. A lot of these have ramp
time, which I think is on the next
slide.
So don't start with something that's too
mission critical because then you might
set yourself up for failure.
>> A who would
who do you think
can implement something like this?
>> That's a good question. I have that
later.
>> Oh, you do. All right. Keep going. Yeah.
>> All right. These are a few more
examples. The other thing I'll say too,
and the reason why I put these examples,
hopefully you guys can see. So the first
one, this one's an example from Artisan.
I think this person came here, but
literally the top is to Jason's point. I
was like it's it's an okay like is it
the greatest email on planet earth? It's
pretty good. Would I have written this?
Maybe I'll give myself a 50/50. This
one's inviting them to come to SAS
annual. And literally this says on the
bottom, hey, I'm a fan. I'm going to see
if I can come attend. Did your AISDR
write this because it got my attention
versus trash. Which just real Ameilia
answered. So I was like it's a mystery
for you.
on the next sample. Let me try and go
ahead. Okay, then there's another
example where like just because it's an
AISDR and you're going to have all these
hyperpersonalized emails, don't expect
that every response will be positive.
Like most of the time I get like a
response like the last one. Sometimes I
get a response that's like this that's
like very nice, but I'm not going to be
there. And I'm like cool, I'm going to
follow up with this guy later. Like not
everything is going to be an instant
yes. Like I think that's another fallacy
of like the AISDRs is like if you're
trying to get into book meetings, sell
something, it may not do that on the
first action almost like that was true
before the AISDR with regular SDRs. So
all those things you know to be true are
still true even with the AMA.
>> Okay, I want to talk about this one. You
know, just on those examples,
>> one, you know, a lot of folks ask us,
>> do they know it's an AI? Do they mind
that it's an AI? I think even just in
these two examples, you'll see a
spectrum here. You'll see, is it an AI
was the question. So, I guess we're not
always clear whether it is or isn't.
>> I think the biggest, but a big takeaway
is as long as the communication is
reasonably good, adds some value, right?
And even just a discount is value, okay?
and a little bit of connection. What you
can see from the three emails you've
already seen is people don't mind.
>> They don't mind.
>> They don't mind. And and they don't they
what they want is help. And I really
think especially in 2026, we're all
going to work in these heterogeneous
worlds where we mix AIs and humans. And
imagining that I somehow mind talking to
a great AI is backwards. A great AI is
often going to add more value than a
mediocre human. So like don't I think my
my metal learning it's a learning. Don't
worry about that. Don't worry about
people talking to an AI. Worry about if
it's good.
>> Yep.
>> And adds value. And people are h they
don't mind. In fact, they don't mind
talking back to the AI. Forget about
chat even by email. They're happy to do
it, right? You might be happy to do it,
too. It might be a relief to talk to an
AI rather than the human that took 5
days to get back to me this week. Like,
it's not a negative.
>> I don't think it's a negative. To that
point, we did hyperchange our inbound
flow because of AI as well. So, that was
mostly out. For inbound, we use a tool
called qualified on our website. Our old
flow six months ago used to be you have
to fill out a form on our website, but a
lot of people still have that flow
today. Then we would get alerted via
email and then I would manually route it
to whoever I thought was the best AE
based on like the company size.
We don't really do territory company
size, category of company, like okay, do
they rep any competitors, things like
that. So we would route it and then the
AE depending on who it was would take
about two or 24 hours to get back to
them and it'd always be like you know oh
hey it's so and so from saw you were
interested let's book a meeting like the
simplest maybe worst email response to
no fury
to those inbound leads and now this is a
screenshot of Ameilia AI if you want to
try it it's on sastasterennon.com
you can talk to sheme
and you can instantly talk to Amelia.
You can book a meeting with her. So, she
instantly books meetings for our team.
Honestly, a lot of the time she books
meetings while I'm asleep. So, I'll wake
up and I'll be like, "Okay." And the
meetings booked are I'll just go through
all the meetings that have been booked
overnight instantly. I didn't have to
worry about waking up in the morning,
routing any leads I might have missed or
whoever's in charge of your routing
might have missed and then follow up
with them and then hope that the AE then
also follows up with them to book the
meeting. So now what I do instead, it's
already pre-booked. I wake up in the
morning, I talk to Dave and our sales
team. I'm like, "Hey, these people
booked. Here's the context of the
conversation. Here's what we already
know about them. Now you can have a
better meeting with this person." You
can literally skip like steps one
through five and just go to meeting like
just pass go.
>> Yeah. If you if you and there's a lot of
vendors that can do this pretty well
today. If this if this is already well
understood to you and you've already
implemented this, great. Okay. But if in
2026 you're still having humans qualify
a lot of your prospects and wait,
there's no need with AI. You and and
Millie will talk about training. You are
going to have to pick a vendor and
you're going to have to train it for 30
days with your data. But there's no
reason a prospect shouldn't be able to
interact fluidly with an AI, not even
know they're being qualified. Okay? Not
in this yucky, objectionable, dated way
of whether you're worth someone that
just graduated from college's time,
which was which has always been kind of
gross and uncomfortable if you've been
through it on the other side.
>> The agent should do it elegantly. Great
to hear from you. Glad you're
interested. Tell me about your team.
Tell me about what your goals are. Talk
in English through video, audio, typing.
Great. You know who would be perfect for
you? Let me set something up with David.
He's free tomorrow at 11. Does it work
for you right now at night when you're
ready? If you don't have that on your
website, implement it this like maybe
before the end of the year. This is
lowhanging fruit. The products with AI
after after the fours, after Claude 4
and open and and Chetchi before, they've
all gotten really good. They can all do
this. Callum Lee on steroids in
instantly qualified. It all works today.
There's no excuse to not do this. And
there's no excuse to have yucky
qualification. like there may maybe if
you have a seven figure product and
there's a lot of but even there the AI
can qualify a seven figure product what
department are you in what are you
trying to get going
>> who's on the buying committee
>> there's just no excuse to have yucky
qualification just eliminate it and I
really think most SDRs will die next
year but the me and I know we we throw
around these terms differently the BDR
that sort of smarmy qualifies you that
that that's going to die like we just
there's no need for that with these
tools so this is low hanging fruit to
implement and you
If you if a prospect can have a
wonderful time, get their questions
answered for real without a used car
salesman, and book a meeting in real
time, you're going to close more,
whether it's 1% more or 20% more, it's
much better.
>> Yeah. The other thing I'll say real
quick on that point, too, is that these
folks actually like that they got to
book instantly. Like to your point of
like beforehand, right, we'd had to
round robin it and then do all this
other thing and route it and then
finally book the meeting, connect the
Zoom. Sometimes the Zoom doesn't work.
Like it's so instant. It's not like
we're getting messages like, "Okay, AI,
like you didn't really answer my
questions and so I had to book a
meeting." They're like, it it's
literally like qualifying them. That's
why it's in the name of this one, but
it's literally qualifying them while
they're on the site. So, to your point,
it does all that for you. Obviously, you
have to train it and are qualified. Um,
maybe it's on this slide.
>> That was 130 meetings booked that you
had, right?
>> 100. Yes. 130 meetings booked in we've
had qualified since August
>> and going up right
>> yeah and going up so August was our
first month so you can see we rolled out
at the end of the months before
Dreamforce and then September October
November there was a lot of in November
honestly I was like I don't think
between David and myself is our AE I was
like I don't think we would have booked
we definitely wouldn't have booked this
many without the AI cuz we would have
missed them and they were high followed
we were like okay we can see what they
said to a million AI we can have a
better meeting and like now we have a
lot of pipe in December Jan because of
it. So
>> one other thing on that chart is a lot
of folks ask us and and it's all over
social media. This is the age of voice.
Is voice better? Is chat better? Is
video agents better?
>> People can pick.
>> Yeah, they can pick. Don't try to answer
this question. You're going to find
everyone is different and and different
types of prospects are different. I I I
like to chat, you know. I like to clack.
Other folks really like to talk. I I can
tell you on our on our first agent deli
where we've done like 150,000 chats, the
ratio is about 8020 80 maybe it's 8515.
85% people like to chat. 15% like voice,
but there may be different buyers. You
may have more traditional buyers that
want to pick up the phone. Chat
obviously is the easiest to implement.
Voice is so easy. It it takes the most
work. Okay. video is a lot of work
>> and we've just launched it. We actually
don't know how well it will perform yet,
I don't think. Right.
>> But some people metric. Yeah. Some
people like it.
>> They they like that it's part of why we
made it video was cuz so many people
used our inbound agent and it does a
little bit of outbound that I wanted to
start it to ramp to literally ramp our
AI like a human to be able to start to
sell more. So that's why we added the
video because I was like, "Okay, I need
it to add a layer of trust where I feel
like on a chat. I I wouldn't I wouldn't
buy something on a chat necessarily."
>> It might add a layer of trust for some
people.
>> But yeah, it might add a layer of trust
of like this is literally me. I went to
qualified for a whole day and filmed
this. I think the video is dropping
later today. So you can see how I did
this. It was a whole day.
>> Yeah.
>> I had to like look at the camera like
blink slowly and like say weird words.
But it was like it was fun for me. But
like this is why I like this obviously
too. But I was like okay like it's a AI
some people know me from SAS or like the
pod and like it just builds trust where
I was like okay if I want her to try to
qualify people even more for our
meetings I feel like the video will add
an extra layer where they're like oh I
know Amelia. She spends a lot of time
with her AI. I might trust that to like
get me maybe even further down the
funnel.
>> But you don't have for for if you're
deploying you haven't done it yet or
you're in the midst of it. You don't
have to overanalyze this like on social
media. Okay, just do it. Like just do
it. Like the whole theme of this is pick
an agent at some level. It doesn't
matter which one as long as it's a
wellrusted vendor for your use case and
train it. And then don't over analyze is
voice better, video or chat or is this
creepy or good or weird? Just do it. And
you're probably going to find chat's the
easiest to do first because it it's the
like it just works out of the box. voice
really I mean literally for the openers
for this event and nearly did it on 11
labs in about 5 minutes in the green
room yesterday voice is not a lot of
work to train on your voice it's a
little bit of work and video is two
orders of magnitude more work so just
sequence them in
>> y
>> don't overanalyze a lot of the stuff
just
a leader train and go and then sequence
they all they all work
>> yes I will say though it does take a lot
of time I would not leave your agents to
their own devices so I'm going to get
into our top learnings here because this
ties into a lot of what we have here.
So, just this last week, I was talking
to a goto market company in the SAS
community. We all know it if I said it,
but they're at a billion in revenue, not
in valuation, revenue. And I was talking
to their head of go to market, who's now
also their head of AI, and their head of
sales. And they were like, "Oh, you
know, we're we're looking at all these
different AI SDRs. We want to roll it
out. We want to pair it with each human
Str on this sales team. I said,
"Godspeed. I don't think that will work.
I don't think you should just unleash an
AI you do not know how to use." They
were literally calling me to ask me how
we do all this. I was like, "Okay, so
let me get this straight. You don't know
how to use it." No. You know, we're
learning. We're like figuring this out.
I was like, "Valid, but also if you
don't know how to use it, why do you
expect that your brand new BDRs and SDRs
that you literally just hired in the
last 0 to 3 months will know how to use
the AI version."
>> In all fairness, it sounds silly to us,
okay? But if we think preai in the old
days, you might buy outreach or sales
loft and you should and you should put
processes in place and you should build
templates for your team, but a lot of
small would just hand it to their SDR
teams. Pick your pick the tool. In fact,
a lot of them would even give them
budget. Pick the tool you like. Pick the
mix or outreach and sales loft,
whichever one you like. Write your own
kind of crummy cadences and set them
loose. It doesn't work in AI.
>> It doesn't work. And so their idea, this
was a a very strong, wellrespected
billion-dollar AI B2B company. They
wanted to do the same here. They wanted
to just hand the tool to their brand new
SDRs, let them train it and figure it
out, do all that segmentation and
sequencing a millad and figured it would
just magically work. It's if you compare
it to like the old days, it's not that
silly. Actually,
>> it's not silly at all. And I actually I
tal like when I walked them through why
they shouldn't do that, they were like,
"Oh, you're totally right." Like they're
like, "Okay, we like now we're almost a
little embarrassed. We thought we
wouldn't just unleash it on all of our a
like bs and SDRs that were humans cuz
now it makes sense. So like we need to
feed it like we need to figure out pick
who's going to feed it contacts. Is it
sales, marketing, CS? Okay, which
contacts? Okay, once it gets a response,
who does that go to? And they were like,
oh, we haven't thought about these
things yet. I was like, okay, think
about those things first. Maybe do like
a little map of how you're going to use
the contacts and then roll it out. like
roll it out with contacts right now that
no one's touching. I'm like whatever AI
agent SDR thing you're looking at and
just buy one. Like you're looking at
three. Just pick one. Just pick the best
one you think. Yeah.
>> And like roll out one where you're like,
"Okay." They were like, "No, no, no. We
literally have this set of everyone has
this set of leads no one is touching."
>> I was like, "All right, do that first."
And then when that works and you've got
it figured out and you've got it tuned
in like you know six weeks then you can
start to roll it out to like the leads
and then the you know stair step it go
from there. Also why this worked is we
have a single source of truth. And
that's what I told this company as well.
I go you need to have one single source
of truth of which agents get which
contacts what follow-up are they
getting? What CTA are they getting? What
do we do with them when they close? you
know, the AI doesn't really ask for a
lot of commissions, so you got to figure
that part out. Who handles the renewals
if the AI closes the entire thing by
itself, right? And these are all things
you should think about as you're
deploying it. So, that's part of why
ours worked so well. I don't really like
to say orchestrating, but it is true. We
do orchestrate all of our agents through
the two people on this stage here and
decide which contacts go to which people
on the amount of time it takes to get
these set up. So each of these took
about 2 weeks except for the video thing
I just showed you. And that's on
purpose. Like if you get frustrated in a
cycle cuz you're like, "Oh, all these AI
companies are like, "You need two weeks.
You need a month. You need six weeks."
I'm like, "It takes time." Like
literally people give you out like, "Oh,
can I set it up in a day and it'll just
work. I'm too busy." I'm like, "You got
to make the time.
Otherwise, it's not going to work.
Otherwise, it's not going to work." Each
of them require maybe different things
for you to do while you're warming up
and tuning the different AIs. But again,
a lot of this is also on you to see,
okay, like in the early days, like we
read every single message, every little
thing that our AI was saying, we would
read. Now, I spot check and I have like
flags in play. Like basically, it'll
like throw a flag on the field if it
needs me. And a lot of the times if it
again, if it books a meeting, it's
automatic. I don't need to read it. So
you can start to build trust with your
agents the more you get into it.
I mentioned this a little bit earlier,
but I think for self-s served models or
things that have a lower ASP, I think
it's a big oversight that I see a lot of
companies, they roll out things like a
qualified even or like an artisan and
they don't let it sell. They're like,
"Oh, you know, I'm going to I'm going to
book a meeting for every $500 thing cuz
I don't trust the AI." I'm like, "Have
you tried to trust the AI? Have you
tried to give your agent something where
it can sell within like certain bounds
like ours has? I was like it works
pretty good. Like if you give it certain
guard rails and you let it sell, it's
actually a pretty good seller.
>> There's two things to to I know you get
to the second point.
>> Who do you need to I know you're going
to get to next one. So let me summarize
it quick and then this last point on
lower ASPs. Who do you need to have
success? I know you're going to get to
it. I think you need two people to make
this success. One, you need someone
>> generally speaking at the vendor to help
you deploy it. A forward deployed
engineer, solution architect, they go by
different names. Everyone on social
media, everyone is for startups is
talking about forward deployed
engineers. And what that term can mean a
lot of things. It probably doesn't mean
for you what it mean meant to palunteer
where they invented it, but it means
someone that can work with you in your
training and get it into production.
>> Yep.
>> That's why a lot of these tool That's
why self-s serve doesn't work that well.
And that's why a lot of one reason some
of these tools are relatively more
expensive.
>> Yes.
>> Is because you need a human helping you
onboard your product. Okay. You need
one. And Ameilia will touch on that. If
you can't get that help, don't buy the
vendor.
>> Don't buy it.
>> Don't buy the vendor. No matter how
slick the salesperson is, AI or human,
if you're not going to get the help to
train and deploy, I'd rather have a
worse vendor that will give me the help
day and night
>> and I trust.
>> Okay. And then the second point is, okay
then then and then on your side, this is
Well, we're running out of time to talk
about it today. We'll talk about it
more. Yeah.
>> One way or another, you need a GTM
engineer in house.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, is is are there a million of these
folks running around that you can hire
on Craigslist? No. Okay. And does that
mean different things? I mean, we'll
have Clay here later with Anilia. For
them, GTM engineering is kind of an
onboarding sales role. That's different.
In-house, you need a nerd. You need an
AI nerd. Okay. They they could come out
of marketing because, you know,
obviously a lot of this is an overlap
between marketing, sales. So, you have a
technical marketer. If you have someone
with a little bit of BTOC background or
a a HubSpot nerd or someone like that,
they can probably do this. Yep.
>> Anyone that's built mult complex
campaigns can do this. Anyone in the
market that's senior enough, they just
built a lot of campaigns. This is
basically a lot of campaigns with AI.
Okay. Can someone on RevOps do this? If
they're techy, can your average RevOps
person do this? No. Can almost anyone on
your sales team that is not in RevOps do
this? No. Okay. So, slow it down. Try to
find the one like GTM nerd on your team.
Promote them and have them own this. But
you need it needs to be that nerdy
person that can implement software. It's
not new, but you need that. You need the
vendor to help you and one person in
house. Yes. And the last one on selfs
serve. Look, a lot of the vendors that
are out here and will be at annual and
that they're they're they're rolling out
more self-s serve, but it's early
because of training.
>> It's for early. And I just did I did a I
did a with G2 maybe three or four weeks
ago. It's on G2's website. I did a deep
dive with the co of Zenesk. And Zenesk
has obviously a lot of AI and they do
have a low-end self-s serve version.
This is interesting. You said with our
top customers at Zenesk, we can automate
60 to 80% of support and related
interactions. Okay, makes sense. They
train them for sometimes for months at
Zenes for their big customers. For our
self-s serve AI, it's 20%. 20. Now, 20%
is still meaningful, right? But 20%
probably isn't enough for an outbound
sales tool. You need to go further. So
this is just bear in mind this is going
to come but training iterating on
autopilot with no human it's not there
yet it's not it's not quite there as we
record right so don't expect don't
expect that folks are going to
>> they're getting there I think in 12
months it will be exciting but we're not
we're you need humans on both sides yes
>> to make the AI work you need two humans
>> you need two humans my point on that too
actually ties into learning number two
actually is do it to humans you think
will stay at your company because
literally I was talking dojo I was
talking to a CMO maybe 6 weeks ago but
there were 50 million ARR they're like
he's like oh I'm going to bake off with
like 10 different AISDRs I was like
first mistake don't do 10 bake offs too
many like if you're going to bake off a
few AISDRs maybe pick like three at most
I was like that's mistake number I was
like this guy's already doomed
But guess what? I went to go look this
guy up. He's already
if you was it, if it was true before AI,
it's probably still true now. So
turnover in GTM was high for AI, it's
still high now. It actually might be
higher if you believe all the LinkedIn
hype. So don't stake if you're a founder
here, don't stake your entire like AI go
to market strategy on one person like
your CMO or CRO if you even sniff
or hint that they might leave January 1,
which is not hor like you're going to
spend the next four weeks arguing.
>> Yeah.
>> And they're just going to leave on Janu.
So, so just make sure if you're going to
stake your AI or if you're going to
build clones or frown, you know, AI
agents that you deploy around clones of
your team that you're damn sure they're
going to stick around and they have a
real stake in the company and a real
reason to do so because otherwise you're
going to be left retraining all these
agents over again when that person
leaves. And then to my last point
because yeah, we got to we got to go. My
last point to yours on picking a vendor,
don't too many bagos. As I just said,
when it comes to our budget, we've
already touched on this, but yeah, some
of these tools are like, you know, 40 to
100K a yearish, but we replace
headcount, but some of the marketing
side, which we didn't get time to today,
but we have a YouTube session about like
our whole marketing go to market stack.
Some of those are $20. So, like
don't fall into the trap with the
vendors who don't help you. So, this is
me at Salesforce Tower before like
before I got on the plane. Here they
have this giant Christmas tree. That's
me. This should be everyone's sales team
now. So, it's me, my FDE,
which I didn't have, you know, a couple
weeks ago. So, I now have a forward
deploy to engineer, my account manager,
and my sales rep. And I'm like, that is
the nucleus now. That is the new nucleus
of everyone who's on our primary account
team. It should be these three people,
right? You have somebody to escalate to
as a CSM. You've got your normal sales
rep, and you have your FD. And like I
know, like I literally text with all
these people now. Like, I've gotten to
know them. I trust them. I trust them
with our data. I mean, in this case,
it's Salesforce, so they've always had
our data and they use it in agent force.
But if folks say they don't want to help
you or they can't help you, I wouldn't
be too eager to give all your data to
them for the AI agents. Like, just pick
folks you trust. Talk to them. Talk to
the humans. Ask them for customer
references. Like, I do references for
all of these folks all the time. Like,
all day long, I do like either short
references, long references. Like I talk
to these people all the time to do
references for some of these products
that we've mentioned. So like ask them
for one. I think too often now again in
the age of AI people skip this step
which is maybe now more important than
ever. Like just ask for a really good
solid customer reference a logo that you
might know. See if they give you one.
They don't give you one go to the next
vendor. Pick somebody you trust.
And then on that since we didn't get to
all the questions.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh yeah. We I think we're out. We'll
we're going to take a break here and
flip the room. They'll be we'll do more
on this at 10 and at 10.
>> So, yeah. So, literally, we're just
going to do like a little movie
>> for folks with questions. Two things.
We're going to do a follow-up session on
Zoom in like two weeks. So, bring all
your questions and come live and we'll
also vibe code a little thing when we
get back where you can type your
questions into. We'll answer them either
in text
but every it's a lot of people in this
room but we will answer every single
person's question on all this when we're
back and we'll do a followup or maybe
even two live for folks in [music] this
room.
>> Hopefully this is helpful.
>> Thanks everybody.
>> Thanks guys.
[music]
>> Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support tech. One that triages
[music] tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn rrist.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? Happy
Clash just made it real with Autopilot.
These pre-built AI agents [music] deploy
in about 60 seconds and run for as low
as 2 cents per successful action. All of
it sits inside [music] the Happy Fox
omni channel AI first support stack,
chatbot, co-pilot, and autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyox.com/aster. [music]